the truck that we're introducing here at
the chicago auto show is the Laramie
limited and the concept behind this
truck is a year and a half ago we
introduced our laramie longhorn and that
was a premium package that we wanted to
go after the high-end truck owners and
when we look at what's happened with
that product in the marketplace it's
been outstanding so the customers have
told us they love this package so what
happened is they've also come to us and
said we would like one that's less
Western so we want to have a beautiful
looking truck that doesn't have all the
Western appointments at our Longhorn
pads and that's how we came up with this
concept for this truck and and
everything we've seen so far is it's
been received very very well from the
exterior standpoint we went with the
monochromatic front end with the fascia
with the integrated fog lamps a
beautiful chrome grille with the billets
down the side we've got the chrome
appointments as well so the mirror caps
when you get into the door handles we've
got tubular side steps on the side of it
as well as a body side molding and then
what really sets this truck apart is we
have a unique 20-inch wheel and tire
package that really showcases the beauty
of the exterior of this truck it's got
our natural process premium leather it's
a fitted in our XD v which is our dark
slate gray interior so it's a very
monochromatic interior but it's got
these little accents of the piping the
welt on these on these seats that's
finished in light slate gray so it's got
all these little cues it's got a unique
center stack paint finish as well its
got some unique badging laramie limited
badging on the glove box and it's really
just about the simple premium cues like
the exterior we've taken all the badging
off on the exterior so it's a little bit
more of an under
dated look so the interiors has got some
things in the right areas the clusters a
little bit unique it's real clean
leather on the you know on the handbag
but then there's got these little
accents a little bit of jewelry so icon
the seat backs there's a nice simple hi
chrome piece buckle that helps to
complete the the seat just simplicity
but the right stuff in the right areas
but you'll get in you open the door you
the smells of the real leather it's a
great truck in the insect we always have
to deliver on the capability of a ram
truck so consumers demand it they expect
it even when we switched back in 2009 on
our light duty trucks to the link oil
suspension where we have just an
incredible ride handle and feel we did
not diminish the capability of that
truck at all so we really give the
customers the benefit of both worlds you
get all the capability you expect in a
pickup truck but you get an unbelievable
ride and handling that you would see and
a performance-oriented car
you